hello and welcome to the kitchen I'm
Juliet and I am George and today we are
gonna make vegan fried seitan
so in our family we've got a couple of
vegans George being one a couple of
vegetarians and also a meat-eater and
sometimes you just want to cook
something that everyone can eat at once
and sometimes you're feeling a bit in
all seem a little bit of junk food so
this vegan fried satyam satisfies
everyone doesn't it oh yeah so to make
the seitan we are gonna start off with
some dry ingredients so we have some
vital wheat gluten and also some protein
powder so just kind of mix the dry
ingredients together we have our wet
ingredients so in here there's all sorts
of flavorings we've got some tofu some
soy milks and miso paste nom ayats and
herbs we're gonna we've got the wet
ingredients this bit this is quite fun
straight here yes straight into that
just all in here just lastly pour in oh
it smells amazing it was really strong
like garlicky so now we're just gonna
mix this together so GCC's yeah you do
it on it so we're just gonna mix this
together it's all kind of like dome so I
just start to kind of knead it in the
bowl okay that's come together dough the
most important thing making seitan is to
really need it now you need to knead it
for 10 to 15 minutes so I'm gonna need
your muscles here to help me George I
want the texture to be really kind of
almost stringy so I'm gonna sort when I
need it I'm gonna do like a stretch and
tear method so you're kind of like
pushing it against the surface just
pulling it so we're just gonna do this
for 10 to 15 minutes so all the time
we've done that would probably burn off
all the calories that we've you Lord
okay - yeah but you'll know when it's
right because when we come back when
it's completely needed you'll see what
you can do with it not be really stringy
a lot of you can bash it bit
kind of working that glutens get all of
the proteins to kind of lock together
okay make it a workout while stacking
any fast food it's great slap it on the
stuff when it's right you'll be slapping
it down it won't we won't split it will
stay one stretching piece so we need to
do it for another five minutes by ages
then come on bring my office get crackin
put some love into this neat kneading
them up in ya need the love oh there you
go it's done yeah
flatten it out now so what we gonna do
is just kind of like stretch you can see
how stretchy that is already it's really
changed yeah so you kind of like see how
flexing out of that because you only too
thick and chunky no we're gonna simmer
it for 30 to 35 minutes in a kind of
stock bath so I'm just gonna bring over
and show you what we've got just been
heating this up here so it's just
literally need some veggie stock onion
I've got some time sprinkled over or
just gonna marinade Methos gonna bath in
all that lovely flavor so what we do
it's gonna simmer in there for 30 to 35
minutes so now we're just gonna cut it
up in pieces and pop it in its little
baths so I just kind of cut it up and
bits like this you can't even use
scissors if you want to just kind of
like flattening it out no more than the
same to me he's doing so similar now
thirty first five minutes it's good
we're getting some fun bit now we're
going to create our beef and our chicken
here is all cook over there George to
putting those bits and pieces over we've
got plain flour
we've got some gram flour which is
chickpea flour yeah and then we've got
most importantly our super spicy amazing
coating
I've got some panko breadcrumbs things I
put some black dark Howard we've got
some brown sugar tarragon time all sorts
of stuff wet pepper in there so check
out the recipe for all of the
ingredients because it is like the
ultimate code yeah isn't it pull this
through now and George actually can you
bring that water over it does sound that
says crunch even let's just put that
half of it in fo yeah you want it to be
you know how they get
right so this is kind of an egg replacer
yeah bit more water there George yeah
I'm getting to it
you're Russian my kitchens guilty great
okay so we've heated up our fryer my
fries on 180 so now we're gonna like
start coating of Satan up so that's
quite big so I would kind of just lick
it into kind of pieces like that and see
already they're kind of like a texture
yeah so you have that string and it's
definitely yeah chicken go ahead so what
you need to do is just flour them up
first so just kind of toss them in flour
like that hmm
shake it off wash it in the egg get off
the excess mm-hmm I'm just gonna push
the kind of coating onto here that was
that that's fine
so let's fry these up look watch me
again
look no right and then just oh that way
yeah you sure you want to take it I'm
worried they're doing it again there's
not no exactly that's just gonna like
you know this happy nothing you know I
mean years of experience with this I
mean look at that
how good is this right so pop down there
little bit of just sprinkle it with
smile it's all so got a toasted bun each
yeah we've got some dairy free
mayonnaise you can I quite like it to
you George it's a bit of that a little
bit of lettuce made a little bit of
dairy free coastal here so I have this
one cool which bit are you having plan
looks good here
moment of truth what do you think of
that yeah it looks amazing
wow thanks that George you're gonna be
making it again I hope so oh you can
make it under hope you enjoy the video
for more videos please check out the BBC
good food YouTube channel mm-hmm and we
will see you later
[Music]